Added content about Migration strategies and added blog link for the … (#2348)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/101-backend/content/123-scalability/102-migration-strategies.md

> # Migration strategies
> A migration strategy is a plan for moving data from one location to another, and it is an important step in any database migration. A data migration strategy should include a plan for how to move the data and what to do with it once it arrives at the new location.
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Website' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://theecmconsultant.com/data-migration-strategy/#:~:text=A%20data%20migration%20strategy%20is%20a%20plan%20for,it%20once%20it%20arrives%20at%20the%20new%20location.
> '>Migration strategies</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Migration Strategies

A migration strategy is a plan for moving data from one location to another, and it is an important step in any database migration. A data migration strategy should include a plan for how to move the data and what to do with it once it arrives at the new location.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Website' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://theecmconsultant.com/data-migration-strategy'>Migration strategies</BadgeLink>
```
